**Privacy Policy**

Antonio Cavuoto built the Height Calculator app as an Open Source app. This SERVICE is provided by Antonio Cavuoto at no cost and is intended for use as is.

This page is used to inform visitors regarding my policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use my Service.

No Personal Information is collected. I will not use or share any kind of information with anyone.

**Information Collection and Use**

As i said, no data in collected. 

**Log Data**

No logs are collected.

**Cookies**

No cookies are used.

**Security**

The app is secure, since does not use any kind of user provided data. It only does some calculations.

**Children’s Privacy**

These Services do not address anyone under the age of 13. I do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13\. 

**Changes to This Privacy Policy**

I may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. I will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.

This policy is effective as of 2020-08-07

**Contact Us**

If you have any questions or suggestions about my Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact me at antonio.cavuoto@gmail.com.

This privacy policy page was created at [privacypolicytemplate.net](https://privacypolicytemplate.net) and modified/generated by [App Privacy Policy Generator](https://app-privacy-policy-generator.firebaseapp.com/)
